by hiding them would have removed the box removed the clutch
what can I tell you let's start with
gear 4
we are fine I twisted it spinning
with a pleasant strain revealed a leak
gland shank
the stuffing box backlash is not all good
here, at first glance, everything is also
good but we will hide to watch more
bearing is easy to crown ideally except
gland means everything in the box is good with
points of view
nothing of the fact that nothing flows everything
glands ideally
there are no hints anywhere even
problems now and now the most
interesting now I'll show you this one
the wonderful nature of this knock I took off
clutch
here it is a disk slave here are the leading disks
you can see almost in
ideally there are no blue stripes even on
touch
that is, they are still normal drives
a million kilometers passes the slave drive
6 millimeters thick, almost like new
it looks like it is all the same for these 8 5 thousand
changed once
yes now let's look carefully
what we have with the slots
notice this trial is clearly visible
especially
especially clearly seen from here where the shaft
not in contact with the sleeve the slots in
ideally the inside slots is completely broken
we see the same picture on the oval
Here is clearly seen in the formulation
the place where the disk worked was known
design error for me already said more than once
steve harris something too small
gearing area bushing insufficient
comes on the shaft besides there is no dm
accordingly, the impact shock is
everyone breaks nowhere from that
getting away and now here I am essentially
I will demonstrate this one when when
You drive works you go from
engine vibration load and you
hear here is such a sound is probably
immediately remembered so far but happens here
he has this play in this lift
due to the fact that uneven pressure on
clutch disc only occurs in
time flashes, respectively,
cylinders it appears this one
wonderful knock accordingly when
this knock at you is very loud let's say
so noticeably loud preferably of course
change this primary shaft along with
clutch plate because this shaft
Of course, just worn out simply installation
new disk it will not help try
backlash of course it became less as a whole it all
anyway there will still be this thing
it is necessary to further break
change primary course here
Well, I must honestly say that of course
problem for these motorcycles with one
hand on the other side with a motorcycle with
this was 85,000 and did not say that
here wear is what it is from the day to
the day will be covered that is 100,000 of this
designs exactly passes in principle
change one shaft worth there 11,000
rubles once a hundred thousand kilometers even
if you are a lot of truth motorcycle
I think you can afford now
let's see why not knocking
nothing on 1100
here came lech which is mad
Officials bought money Talysh bought not
the street is not official for rabid day
not bought in Russia, I bought means everything
new disk why did you buy a new one yet
cart
let's just compare wheels
so here we have the right drive from 1150
there is a left 1100 first disk 1150 and
it is smaller in diameter
second pay attention to the slots i
so put
mean slots on the disk
from 1100 more than 1150 and slots more
large and less so I think where
lies the catch
why similar problems cuts happen
at 1100